oh the equalizing six dust mites and
requests have an answering back keeping
sample that babe does not want to get
caught with any carroty pshemek in 25
seconds and Sanford only a meter and a
half and he uses the X while I was gonna
happen um no it's not Kevin oh oh oh
that was so smart you wanna focus 1000
hit him up that was nice to focus back
that yeah and you said love us he's the
game I like um I mean all game look at
this and now he's implementing with his
name shots to the Santa special ok
grandma salmon guys cuz all this stuff
Oh gone ok grab my hand Bell wrong look
at that person anybody's match right
here last round oh damn is let's go chip
Barcia Cardinal divekick good forty
percent what and a full screen to work
with it's a full item ships I don't know
if Jessica's a knockdown what it look
like he's not going to he's not gonna
let the momentum shift there will be no
wrong factor PRI wants to shut him down
there's all the tunnel Oh would you
delete that so much okay okay still
chance
oh no chance got plenty of meters here
why you stood out there oh whoa Justin
playing Gary loose all right up Lee
Lewis but he doesn't get the ultra off
of that he's won the shadows while the
scramble
oh you're kidding me I start over don't
be shy to be exercised yet oh my God
he's going under he go
yeah actually hidden just look shocked
shocked shocked he did not think that
that would beat it yeah what I think
that is because he did in the eyes
Messiah early he needed to wait I'll see
him you to wait Wow all beer bar walk
arms up shots I don't know it looks like
an assassin what the what he's wearing
that's on the holster under there you
know Kevin's lot of Peter and he gets a
cab oh my god yup all right look the
foot he's known in that style oh yeah
you can't just hold forward against I'm
minion water stop stop he's like oh hell
you're still gonna go in the water you
are crazy yes yes you are crazy you
can't block him how he plays boxer you
oh my god you need to see those okay
okay hopefully can make a visual again y
X at 0 are you serious what are you
serious what's good i watch good I'll
think he's dead he's hot but he's gonna
get record he said oh my god alas head
packs a doozy Anna's back-loaded smart
stuff he gets hit me you know i serve as
a lot of info
I like a little pressure right there I'm
not sure how good was gonna get in our
lives it's gonna be rough it really is
not fun
and since I peer watch on to everything
is how to land a hit up by getting hit
on and I mrs. it's rubbed a shit about
those missiles choking it at oh nice all
right oh my god extracting I was a bad x
factor I think I'll Ross get overwhelmed
right now pussy for bed this is chris
cheesman beds trying to go nutty on me
with that burger no get that out of here
is he gonna get to kill yes it not
enough get there Wow no X Factor Oh
Wow
you know he's submiss PR rocks submit i
expected i'll respect he knows over here
got a hitogata watch so here we got sit
there situation I respect that the crowd
is going bonkers the crowd is going
bonkers it is a whole other story over
here what about seven than it was at
SoCal region
you